I'd like to share with you
a useful framework for
thinking about different major
types of machine learning projects.
It turns out that the best practices for
organizing data for one type can be quite
different than the best practices for
totally different types.
Let's take a look at whether these major
types of machine learning projects.
Let's fall in this two by two grid.
One axis will be whether your machine
learning problem uses unstructured data or
structured data.
I found that the best practices for these
are very different, mainly because humans
are great at processing unstructured data,
the images and audio and text,
and not as good at processing
structured data like database records.
The second axis is
the size of your data set.
Do you have a relatively small data set?
Do you have a relatively small datasets or
do you have a very large data set?
There is no precise definition of what
exactly is small and what is large?
But I'm going to use as
a slightly arbitrary threshold,
whether you have over 10,000 examples or
not.
And clearly this boundary
is a little bit fuzzy and
the transitions from small to
big data sets is a gradual one.
But I found that best practices if
you have, say 100 or 1000 examples,
smaller data sets is pretty different
than we have a very large data set.
And the reason I chose the number 10,000
is that's roughly the size beyond
which it becomes quite painful to
examine every single example yourself.
If you have 1000 examples, you could
probably examine every example yourself.
But when you have, 10,000,
100,000, million examples,
it becomes very time consuming for
you as an individual or
maybe a couple of machinery and engineers
to manually look at every example.
So that affects the best
practices as well.
Let's look at some examples.
If you are training a manufacturing
visual inspection from just 100 examples
of stretch phones, that's unstructured
data because this is image data and
it's pretty small data set.
If you are trying to predict housing
prices based on the size of the halls and
other features of the house,
from just 52 examples,
then there's a structured data set.
We've just real value features and
a relatively small data sets.
If you are carrying out speech recognition
from 50 million train examples,
that's unstructured data.
But you have a lot of data or
if you are trying to recommend products.
So online shopping recommendations and
you have a million users in your database,
then that's a structured problem with
relatively large amount of data.
For a lot of unstructured data problems,
people, Can help you to label data and
data augmentation such as synthesizing
new images or synthesizing new audio.
And there's some emerging techniques for
synthesizing new text as well,
but data augmentation can help.
So for manufacturing vision inspection,
you can use data augmentation
to maybe generate more pictures of
smart films or for speech recognition.
Data augmentation can help
you synthesize audio clips
with different background noise.
In contrast for structured data problems,
it can be harder to obtain more data and
also harder to use data augmentation,
if only 50 houses have been so
recently in that geography.
Well, it's hard to synthesize
new houses that don't exist or
if you have a million users
in your database, again,
it's hard to synthesize new
users that don't really exist.
And it's also harder not impossible,
still worth trying, but it may or
may not be possible to get
humans to label the data.
So I find that the best practices for
unstructured versus structured
data are quite different.
The second axis is
the size of your data set.
When you have a relatively small data set,
having clean labels is critical.
If you have 100 training examples,
then if just one of the examples is
mislabeled, that's 1% of your data set.
And because the data set is small enough
for you or a small team to go through it
efficiently, it may well be aware of your
while to go through that 100 examples.
And make sure that every one of those
examples is labelled in a clean and
consistent way, meaning according
to a consistent labeling standard.
In contrast, if you have a million
data points, it can be harder.
Maybe impossible for
a small machine learning team to
manually go through every example.
Having clean labels is still very helpful,
don't get me wrong.
Even when you have a lot of data, clean
labels is better than non clean ones.
But because of the difficulty of
having the machine learning and
jointly go through every example,
the emphasis is on data processes.
In terms of how you collect,
install the data,
the labeling instructions you may write
for a large team of crowdsource labelers.
And once you have executed some
data process, such as asked a large
team of laborers to label a large set
of audio clips, it can also be much
harder to go back and change your mind and
get everything relabeled.
So let's summarize or
unstructured data problems.
You may or may not have a huge
collection of unlabeled examples x.
Maybe in your factory, you actually took
many thousands of images of smartphones,
but you just haven't bothered
to label all of them yet.
This is also common in
the self driving car industry,
where many self driving car companies
have collected tons of images of
cars driving around, but just have not yet
caught in that data labeled.
For these structured data problems,
you can sometimes get more data by
taking your unlabeled data x, and
asking humans to just label more of it.
This doesn't apply to every problem,
but for
the problems where you do have tons of
unlabeled data, this can be very helpful.
And as we have already mentioned,
data augmentation can also be helpful.
For structured data problems,
is usually harder to obtain more data
because you only have so many users or
only so many houses were so
that you can collect data from.
And human labeling on average is
also harder, although there are some
exceptions, such as in the Lost Video
where you saw that we could
try to ask people to label examples for
the user ID merge problem.
But in many cases where we ask
humans to label structure data,
even when there's a completely worthwhile
to ask people to try to label if two
records are the same person, there's more
likely to be a little bit more ambiguity.
But even the human labor sometimes
finds it hard to be sure what is
the correct label.
Lastly, let's look at small
versus big data where I used to
slightly arbitrary threshold
of whether you have more or
less than say 10,000,
they put training examples.
For small data sets,
clean labels are critical and
the data set may be small enough for
you to manually look through the entire
data set and fix any inconsistent labels.
Further, the labeling team is probably
not that large, it maybe one or
two or just a handful of people
that created all the labels.
So if you discover an inconsistency
in the labels, say one person label
Iguanas one way and the different
person labeled Iguanas a different way.
You can just get the two or
three labels together and
have them talk to each other and hash out
and agree on one labeling convention.
For the very large data sets,
the emphasis has to be on data process.
And if you have a 100 labelers or
even more, it's just harder to
get 100 people into a room to all talk
to each other and hash out the process.
And so you might have to rely on
a smaller team to establish a consistent
label definition and then share that
definition with all, say 100 or
more labelers and ask them to
all implement the same process.
I want to leave you with one last thought,
which is that I found this categorization
of problems into unstructured versus
structured, small versus big data.
I found this to be helpful for
predicting not just whether
data processes generalize from
one to another problem, but
also whether other machine learning
idea is generalized from one to another.
So one tip, if you are working on a
problem from one of these four quadrants,
then on average advice from someone
that has worked on problems in
the same quadrants will probably
be more useful than advice from
someone that's worked in
a different quadrant.
I found also in hiring machine learning
engineers, someone that's worked
in the same quadrant as the problem
I'm trying to solve will usually be
able to adapt more quickly to working
on other problems in that quadrant.
Because the instincts and decisions
are more similar within one quadrant
than if you shift to a totally
different quadrants in discharge.
I've sometimes heard people give advice
like if you are building a computer
vision system always get at
least 1000 labor examples.
And I think people that give advice
like that are well meaning and
I appreciate that they're
trying to give good advice, but
I found that advice to not really
be useful for all problems.
Machine learning is very diverse and
it's hard to find one size
fits all advice like that.
I've seen computer vision problems
built with 100 examples or
100 examples for a class, screen systems
built with 100 million examples.
And so if you are looking for advice on
a machine learning project, try to find
someone that's worked in the same quadrant
as the problem you are trying to solve.
Now we talked about one
formulation of different types of
machine learning problems.
There's one aspect I would like to
dive into with you in the next video,
which is how for small data problems,
having clean data is especially important.
Let's take a look at the next
video of why it is true.